JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/EditStateManagement/Vue/description.md, before:

Our **DataGrid** widget manages the edit state automatically. However, if your use case requires full control over editing, you can use the API members below to manage the state manually. In this demo, we manage the state with a help of the <a href="https://vuex.vuejs.org/" target="_blank">Vuex</a> library.

**Widget Options**

- **editing**.[editRowKey](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#editRowKey)        
The key of the row being edited.

- **editing**.[editColumnName](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#editColumnName)        
The name or data field of the column being edited.

- **editing**.[changes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#changes)       
Pending row changes.

Use these options to access and change the edit state. Two-way bind them to component properties so that you can get and set the options at runtime. In this demo, we bind the **editRowKey** and **changes** options to computed properties and display their values under the **DataGrid**.

**Utility Method**

- [DevExpress.data.applyChanges(data, changes, options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/Utils/#applyChangesdata_changes_options)      
Applies an array of changes to a source data array.

**Event Handlers**

- [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) / [onSaved](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaved)        
Functions that are called before / after pending row changes are saved from the UI or programmatically.

- [onEditCanceling](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onEditCanceling) / [onEditCanceled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onEditCanceled)      
Functions that are called before / after editing is canceled and pending row changes are discarded.

Use these functions to perform custom actions. In this demo, the **onSaving** function sends pending changes to a server. The function's parameter `e` contains fields that can be useful for this functionality. To implement it in your application, follow these steps:

1. **Disable the built-in edit state management**       
Set the `e.cancel` field to **true**.

1. **Send a request to the server**      
Pending changes are stored in the `e.changes` array. It has only one element in all [edit modes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode), except batch. Check if this element is not empty and send it to the server (see the `saveChange` action in `store.js`).

1. **Apply the same changes to the widget's data source**       
If the server successfully saves the changes, call the **applyChanges** method to save the same changes in the widget's data source (see the `updateOrders` mutation in `store.js`).

1. **Reset the edit state**         
Assign **null** to the **editRowKey** and an empty array to the **changes** option (see the `updateEditRowKey` and `updateChanges` mutations in `store.js`).

[note] This functionality is available as a <a href="https://www.devexpress.com/aboutus/pre-release.xml" target="_blank">community technology preview (CTP)</a>. Should you have any questions or suggestions prior to its official release, please email your comments to <a href="mailto:support@devexpress.com">support@devexpress.com</a>.

Commit message:

Apply edits from Ray to new demos

JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/EditStateManagement/Vue/description.md, after:

Our **DataGrid** widget manages its edit state automatically. If your use case requires full control over the editing process, you can use the API members below to manage state manually. In this demo, we manage state with a help of the <a href="https://vuex.vuejs.org/" target="_blank">Vuex</a> library.

**Widget Options**

- **editing**.[editRowKey](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#editRowKey)        
The key for the row being edited.

- **editing**.[editColumnName](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#editColumnName)        
The name or data field of the column being edited.

- **editing**.[changes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#changes)       
Pending row changes.

Use these options to access and change edit state. Two-way bind them to component properties so that you can get and set the options at runtime. In this demo, we bind the **editRowKey** and **changes** options to computed properties and display their values under the **DataGrid**.

**Utility Method**

- [DevExpress.data.applyChanges(data, changes, options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/Utils/#applyChangesdata_changes_options)      
Applies an array of changes to a source data array.

**Event Handlers**

- [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) / [onSaved](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaved)        
Functions that are called before / after pending row changes are saved via the UI or programmatically.

- [onEditCanceling](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onEditCanceling) / [onEditCanceled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onEditCanceled)      
Functions that are called before / after editing is canceled and pending row changes are discarded.

Use these functions to perform custom actions. In this demo, the **onSaving** function sends pending changes to a server. The function's parameter `e` contains fields for this capability. To implement the same in your application, follow these steps:

1. **Disable built-in edit state management**       
Set the `e.cancel` field to **true**.

1. **Send a request to the server**      
Pending changes are stored in the `e.changes` array. This array has only a single element in all [edit modes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode), except for batch. Check if this element is not empty and send it to the server (see the `saveChange` action in `store.js`).

1. **Apply the same changes to the widget's data source**       
If the server successfully saves changes, call the **applyChanges** method to save the same changes in the widget's data source (see the `updateOrders` mutation in `store.js`).

1. **Reset edit state**         
Assign **null** to the **editRowKey** and an empty array to the **changes** option (see the `updateEditRowKey` and `updateChanges` mutations in `store.js`).

[note] This functionality is available as a <a href="https://www.devexpress.com/aboutus/pre-release.xml" target="_blank">community technology preview (CTP)</a>. Should you have any questions or suggestions prior to its official release, please email your comments to <a href="mailto:support@devexpress.com">support@devexpress.com</a>.
