# DevExtreme Demos
 
This repository contains technical DevExtreme demos for Angular, React, Vue, jQuery, ASP.NET MVC, and ASP.NET Core.

To run the demos on your machine, clone this repository, run `npm install`, and follow the instructions below.

## Prepare Demos for Development

To prepare demos for development, you can run a script for all technologies or scripts for JavaScript and ASP.NET individually:

```
npm run prepare-all
```
```
npm run prepare-js
```
```
npm run prepare-mvc
```

Angular, Vue, and React demos can use bundles instead of separate files from `node_modules`. With bundles, demos launch faster but become harder to debug. Run the following command to create the bundles and replace the SystemJS configuration:

```
npm run prepare-bundles
```

To return to using separate files from `node_modules`, run `npm run prepare-js`.


## JavaScript Demos

### Launch

1. Run the launch script:

    ```
    npm run launch-demo
    ```

1. Navigate to http://localhost:3000/.

You can pass additional parameter to specify port. It can be useful when you need to fast switching beatween one demo on different frameworks:

```
npm run launch-demo -- 3010
```

### Before Commiting Сhanges

For fix autofixed errors:

```
npm run fix-lint
```

### Development

1. Run the following script to add a new demo:

    ```
    npm run add-demo
    ```

1. Use the built-in CLI to choose or enter the category, the demo name, and the technology for the new demo.

## ASP.NET Demos

1. You will need Windows. Enable Developer Mode so that the `mklink` command doesn't require elevation.\
About symlinks: https://blogs.windows.com/windowsdeveloper/2016/12/02/symlinks-windows-10/.\
About Developer Mode: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/get-started/enable-your-device-for-development.\
For Developer Mode enabling type "Developer Settings" in a Windows search box and toogle a "Developer Mode" switch in opened settings dialog.

1. In the `mobile` repository use Windows console to:
   - 2.1 Run `PrepareWorkspace.cmd`.
   - 2.2 Run `Packer.cmd`.

1. Open the `mobile/repository.config.json` file which is generated by scripts runned above and set the `hg` property to a path where your clone of the `mobile` repository is located, for example:

    ```json
    {
      "hg": "C:/Work/mobile"
    }
    ```

1. Prepare ASP.NET demos for launch and development. Run this command in `mobile/GitHub_Demos` repository.

    ```
    npm run prepare-mvc
    ```
    For this, you need .NET Framework 4.5.2 installed on your device. You can download a full Developer Pack here: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework/thank-you/net452-developer-pack-offline-installer.

1. Open the `NetCoreDemos/DevExtreme.NETCore.Demos.sln` or `MVCDemos/DevExtreme.MVC.Demos.sln` project in Visual Studio and add or edit demos there.

## See Also

- [Technical demos online](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/)
- [Examples on GitHub](https://github.com/DevExpress/DevExtreme-examples)
