JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/ExportToPDF/description.md, before:

Our [DataGrid](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/) allows you to easily and accurately export its contents to a PDF document. To enable PDF export operations, you must reference or import the following:

- <a href="https://github.com/MrRio/jsPDF" target="_blank">jsPDF</a>        
A library that creates and manages PDF documents.

- <a href="https://github.com/simonbengtsson/jsPDF-AutoTable" target="_blank">jsPDF-AutoTable</a>        
A plugin that creates and manages tables in PDF documents.

Once you have referenced/imported all required resources, call the [exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method that belongs to the [pdfExporter](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/) module to export **DataGrid** content to a PDF document.

In this demo, the **exportDataGrid(options)** method is called when you click the Export to PDF button. Review the export code in the button's [onClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick) handler to learn more.

[note] This functionality is available as a <a href="https://www.devexpress.com/aboutus/pre-release.xml" target="_blank">community technology preview (CTP)</a>. Should you have any questions or suggestions prior to its official release, please email your comments to <a href="mailto:support@devexpress.com">support@devexpress.com</a>.

Commit message:

Add links to discussion pages from the CTP demo descriptions

JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/ExportToPDF/description.md, after:

Our [DataGrid](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/) allows you to easily and accurately export its contents to a PDF document. To enable PDF export operations, you must reference or import the following:

- <a href="https://github.com/MrRio/jsPDF" target="_blank">jsPDF</a>        
A library that creates and manages PDF documents.

- <a href="https://github.com/simonbengtsson/jsPDF-AutoTable" target="_blank">jsPDF-AutoTable</a>        
A plugin that creates and manages tables in PDF documents.

Once you have referenced/imported all required resources, call the [exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method that belongs to the [pdfExporter](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/) module to export **DataGrid** content to a PDF document.

In this demo, the **exportDataGrid(options)** method is called when you click the Export to PDF button. Review the export code in the button's [onClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick) handler to learn more.

[note] This functionality is available as a <a href="https://www.devexpress.com/aboutus/pre-release.xml" target="_blank">community technology preview (CTP)</a>. Should you have any questions or suggestions prior to its official release, please email your comments to <a href="mailto:support@devexpress.com">support@devexpress.com</a>. You can also share your feedback on <a href="https://github.com/DevExpress/devextreme-product/blob/master/Discussion%20Pages/Export%20to%20PDF.md" target="_blank">this feature's discussion page</a>.
