JSDemos/Demos/Sortable/Kanban/jQuery/description.md, before:

The [Sortable](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/) widget allows users to reorder elements using drag and drop. In this demo, two different **Sortable**s are used. They are declared in the `renderKanban` and `renderCards` functions:

- `renderKanban`        
In this function, **Sortable** allows users to reorder card lists. The widget is attached to a `<div>` that contains the kanban board, but the [filter](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/Configuration/#filter) option allows sorting only list elements. The [handle](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/Configuration/#handle) option specifies that lists can be dragged by their titles. To correctly animate items being reordered, **Sortable** requires the item orientation. The [itemOrientation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/Configuration/#itemOrientation) option is set to *"horizontal"* because card lists are orientated horizontally.

- `renderCards`         
In this function, **Sortable** allows users to reorder cards. The widget is attached to the `$items` element (a container for all cards in a specific list). All **Sortable**s are added to the same [group](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/Configuration/#group) to allow users to move cards between lists.

In addition to **Sortable**, this kanban board implementation uses the [ScrollView](/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/ScrollView/Overview/) widget. The widget's instance in the `renderKanban` function allows you to scroll the board left to right. The widget's instance in the `renderCards` function makes lists scrollable.

Commit message:

Rename widget to UI component (cherry-pick from 20_2 + some additional changes)  (#505)
* cherry pick from 20_2

* Additional changes

JSDemos/Demos/Sortable/Kanban/jQuery/description.md, after:

The [Sortable](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/) UI component allows users to reorder elements using drag and drop. In this demo, two different **Sortable**s are used. They are declared in the `renderKanban` and `renderCards` functions:

- `renderKanban`        
In this function, **Sortable** allows users to reorder card lists. It is attached to a `<div>` that contains the kanban board, but the [filter](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/Configuration/#filter) option allows sorting only list elements. The [handle](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/Configuration/#handle) option specifies that lists can be dragged by their titles. To correctly animate items being reordered, **Sortable** requires the item orientation. The [itemOrientation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/Configuration/#itemOrientation) option is set to *"horizontal"* because card lists are orientated horizontally.

- `renderCards`         
In this function, **Sortable** allows users to reorder cards. It is attached to the `$items` element (a container for all cards in a specific list). All **Sortable**s are added to the same [group](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/Configuration/#group) to allow users to move cards between lists.

In addition to **Sortable**, this kanban board implementation uses the [ScrollView](/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/ScrollView/Overview/) UI component. The UI component's instance in the `renderKanban` function allows you to scroll the board left to right. The UI component's instance in the `renderCards` function makes lists scrollable.
