JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/FocusedRow/description.md, before:

The **DataGrid** UI component can highlight the focused row. To enable this feature, set the [focusedRowEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#focusedRowEnabled) option to **true**.

To focus a row programmatically, specify the [focusedRowKey](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#focusedRowKey) option. In the UI, users can click a row to focus it. To focus a row in code, specify the focusedRowKey option. The UI component automatically scrolls to the focused row if the [autoNavigateToFocusedRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#autoNavigateToFocusedRow) option is enabled. The focused row is saved in the UI component's [state](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/stateStoring/).

You can use the [onFocusedRowChanging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onFocusedRowChanging) or [onFocusedRowChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onFocusedRowChanged) option to specify a custom function  that is executed before or after a row is focused.

In this demo, the row with the `117` key is focused initially. You can specify the `focusedRowKey` and `autoNavigateToFocusedRow` options via the input field and the checkbox below the UI component.

Commit message:

20_2 rename option to property (#517)
* option

* options

* Options

JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/FocusedRow/description.md, after:

The **DataGrid** UI component can highlight the focused row. To enable this feature, set the [focusedRowEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#focusedRowEnabled) property to **true**.

To focus a row programmatically, specify the [focusedRowKey](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#focusedRowKey) property. In the UI, users can click a row to focus it. To focus a row in code, specify the focusedRowKey property. The UI component automatically scrolls to the focused row if the [autoNavigateToFocusedRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#autoNavigateToFocusedRow) property is enabled. The focused row is saved in the UI component's [state](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/stateStoring/).

You can use the [onFocusedRowChanging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onFocusedRowChanging) or [onFocusedRowChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onFocusedRowChanged) property to specify a custom function  that is executed before or after a row is focused.

In this demo, the row with the `117` key is focused initially. You can specify the `focusedRowKey` and `autoNavigateToFocusedRow` properties via the input field and the checkbox below the UI component.
