JSDemos/Demos/List/ListSelection/description.md, before:

The **List** offers three selection modes: *all*, *single* and *multi*. The UI of this demo consists of the **List**, Selected IDs, and Options. To see selection modes in action, choose one from the dropdown menu named Selection Mode. You can then select a list item or multiple items from the **List**. You can see the IDs of selected items in the Selected IDs section. This done by a function that handles the [onSelectionChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxList/Configuration/#onSelectionChanged) event.

Check a checkbox a radio button next to a list item to select it. This is possible because the [showSelectionControls](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxList/Configuration/#showSelectionControls) property is set to **true**. Set the property to **false** to disable selection controls. In this case, you can click on items you want to select. Selected items are grayed out. 

When you choose a selection mode from the dropdown menu, the value you select is assigned to the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode) property. When you choose *all*, "Select all" checkbox is rendered at the top of the **List**. This value only works when **showSelectionControls** is set to **true**. In this mode, the "Select All Mode" dropdown menu becomes active. When you choose the *page* option, this value is assigned to the [selectAllMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectAllMode) property. This allows you to select all items only on the currently rendered page. To select all items on all available pages, set this property to *allPAges*. 

Select the *multiple* mode to be able to check several checkboxes at the same time. 

Or use the *single* mode if you need to select only one item at a time. In this case, the selection is controlled with radio buttons.

Commit message:

Apply suggestions from the code review

JSDemos/Demos/List/ListSelection/description.md, after:

The **List** offers four selection modes: *none*, *all*, *single*, and *multi*. 

Selection is disabled by default. To enable it, pass one of the mentioned above values to the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode) property.

Users can click or tap on the **List** item to select it. Selected items become shaded. It is possible to add selection checkboxes or radio buttons to list items. To do so, set the [showSelectionControls](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#showSelectionControls) property to **true**. This property also must be set to *true* when you use the *all* selection mode.

When the **List** data is [paginated](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/List/Paging/), you can choose whether the "Select All" check box will select all items on all pages or only the items on the currently rendered pages. To configure this functionality, set the [selectAllMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectAllMode) property to *allPAges* or *page*.

To configure the initial selection, use the [selectedItemKeys](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectedItemKeys) property. The property accepts a array of item keys wrapped in quotation marks.

You can use the [onSelectionChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#onSelectionChanged) property to perform an action when users select an item or items. In this demo, this property is used to display IDs of selected items.
