JSDemos/Demos/FileManager/BindingToFileSystem/description.md, before:

The **FileManager** widget can work with a file system located on the server. To connect the widget with the file system items, assign the [Remote File System Provider](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/File_System_Providers/Remote/) to the [fileSystemProvider](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/Configuration/#fileSystemProvider) option. Pass the [endpointUrl](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/File_System_Providers/Remote/Configuration/#endpointUrl) to the remote file system provider object to specify the Url at which the widget can access the file system items.

Configure the built-in server-side helper methods to process the **FileManager** widget's AJAX requests on the ASP.NET MVC and ASP.NET Core back-end:
1. Create an instance of the [FileSystemConfiguration](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetCore/DevExtreme.AspNet.Mvc.FileManagement.FileSystemConfiguration) class to create a file system provider and configure its interaction with file system items.
2. Use the [FileSystemProvider](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetCore/DevExtreme.AspNet.Mvc.FileManagement.FileSystemConfiguration.FileSystemProvider) property to specify a file system provider. For a physical file system, configure a file system provider of the [PhysicalFileSystemProvider](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetCore/DevExtreme.AspNet.Mvc.FileManagement.PhysicalFileSystemProvider) type.
3. Use the [FileSystemCommandProcessor](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetCore/DevExtreme.AspNet.Mvc.FileManagement.FileSystemCommandProcessor) class to process commands and request parameters that the widget passes to the file system.

*This demo contains commented out code lines that enable file modification operations. You can uncomment them and configure if necessary.*

Commit message:

Rename widget to UI component (cherry-pick from 20_2 + some additional changes)  (#505)
* cherry pick from 20_2

* Additional changes

JSDemos/Demos/FileManager/BindingToFileSystem/description.md, after:

The **FileManager** UI component can work with a file system located on the server. To connect the component with the file system items, assign the [Remote File System Provider](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/File_System_Providers/Remote/) to the [fileSystemProvider](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/Configuration/#fileSystemProvider) option. Pass the [endpointUrl](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/File_System_Providers/Remote/Configuration/#endpointUrl) to the remote file system provider object to specify the Url at which the component can access the file system items.

Configure the built-in server-side helper methods to process the **FileManager** UI component's AJAX requests on the ASP.NET MVC and ASP.NET Core back-end:
1. Create an instance of the [FileSystemConfiguration](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetCore/DevExtreme.AspNet.Mvc.FileManagement.FileSystemConfiguration) class to create a file system provider and configure its interaction with file system items.
2. Use the [FileSystemProvider](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetCore/DevExtreme.AspNet.Mvc.FileManagement.FileSystemConfiguration.FileSystemProvider) property to specify a file system provider. For a physical file system, configure a file system provider of the [PhysicalFileSystemProvider](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetCore/DevExtreme.AspNet.Mvc.FileManagement.PhysicalFileSystemProvider) type.
3. Use the [FileSystemCommandProcessor](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetCore/DevExtreme.AspNet.Mvc.FileManagement.FileSystemCommandProcessor) class to process commands and request parameters that the component passes to the file system.

*This demo contains commented out code lines that enable file modification operations. You can uncomment them and configure if necessary.*
